feat(medusa): Authentication overhaul (#4064)
medusajs/medusa: www/api-reference/app/_mdx/store.mdx

## Authentication

There are two ways to send authenticated requests to the Medusa server: Using a JWT token or using a Cookie Session ID.

### JWT Token

> Use a JWT token to send authenticated requests. Authentication state is managed by the client, which is ideal for JAM stack applications and mobile applications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use a JWT token to send authenticated requests. Authentication state is managed by the client, which is ideal for Jamstack applications and mobile applications.
```

### How to Obtain the JWT Token

> JWT tokens are obtained by calling the correct authentication endpoint.
> 
> To do that using cURL, send a request to [authenticate the user](#tag/Auth/operation/PostToken) with the user's email and password:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
JWT tokens are obtained by sending a request to the [Customer Login (JWT) endpoint](#auth_authtoken) passing it the customer's email and password in the request body. For example:
```

```bash
curl -X POST 'https://medusa-url.com/store/auth/token' \
-H 'Content-Type: application/json' \
--data-raw '{
  "email": "user@example.com",
  "password": "supersecret"
}'

```

> Access token should be included in the response.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If authenticated successfully, an object is returned in the response with the property `access_token` being the JWT token.
```

### How to Use the JWT Token

> The API token can be used for Bearer Authentication. It's passed in the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The JWT token can be used for Bearer Authentication. It's passed in the
```
